Clarify Joining Fetch ordering with Forward State transitions (#1577)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

A Joining Fetch is only permitted when the associated subscription has
Forward State 1; otherwise the publisher MUST close the session with a
`PROTOCOL_VIOLATION`. A publisher MUST process any pending Forward

> State transitions for the associated subscription before evaluating this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PROTOCOL_VIOLATION`. A publisher MUST process any pending REQUEST_UPDATE
messages for the associated subscription before evaluating this
```
